Added 8 new blog entries. (#190)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _posts/2020-06-03-fiware_video.md

---
title: micro-ROS Dissemination Video by FIWARE
author: francesca-finocchiaro
---

The FIWARE Foundation, member of the OFERA consortium, has worked on a dissemination video for micro-ROS, to bring it to an ever broader audience.

> Ralph Lange, Research Project Manager of the Robotics Systems & Software Engineering department at Bosch Corporate Research,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ralph Lange, project manager in robotics systems & software engineering at Bosch Corporate Research,
```

> one of the parties leading the micro-ROS project, has been interviewed at the European Robotics Forum held in Malaga in March 2020.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one of the parties leading the micro-ROS project, has been interviewed at the IoT Solutions World Congress in Barcelona in October 2019.
```
